[Music]
these are the journeys of the children
of Israel who went out of the land of
Egypt by their armies under the hand of
Moses and Aaron now Moses wrote down the
starting points of their journeys at the
command of the Lord and these are their
journeys according to their starting
points they departed from ramasees in
the first month on the fifteenth day of
the first month on the day after the
Passover the children of Israel went out
with boldness in the sight of all the
Egyptians for the Egyptians were burying
all their firstborn whom the Lord had
killed among them also on their gods the
Lord had executed judgments when the
children of Israel moved from ramasees
and camped at Sukkoth they departed from
Sukkoth and camped at Ethan which is on
the edge of the wilderness they moved
from Ethan and turned back to PI her
high earth which is east of bale dzifa
and they camped near Migdal
they departed from before her high wrath
and passed through the midst of the sea
into the wilderness went three days
journey in the wilderness of Ethan and
camped at Marah they moved from Marah
and came to Elam
at Elam were twelve Springs of water and
seventy palm trees so they can't there
they moved from Elim and camped by the
Red Sea they moved from the Red Sea and
camped in the wilderness of sin they
journeyed from the wilderness of sin and
camped at DAF qey they departed from DAF
qey and camped at Ailish they moved from
aylesh and camped at reffered in where
there was no water for the people to
drink they departed from revered him and
camped in the wilderness of Sinai they
moved from the wilderness of Sinai and
camped at key broth atever
they departed from key broth hatay over
and camped at Hazira 'the they departed
from azarith and camped at riff LA they
departed from riff LA and camped at
Ramon Pires they departed from Ramon
Pires and camped at lib now they moved
from lebanon and camped at Rissa they
journeyed from Rissa and camped at key
Haleiwa he went from key ha'la'tha and
camped at mount Shifa they moved from
mount Shifa and camped at aerator they
moved from her Aida and camped at makyla
they moved from Aquila and camped at
taya they departed from Tejas and camp -
Tirra
they moved from Tara and camped up Miska
they went from Miska and cam turd - Mona
they departed from hash Mona and cam
turd Messiah they departed from massara
and camped at Benny Jericho they moved
from Benny jaqen and camped at hora
kid get they went from Jorge get GAD and
cam to Jack Bertha they moved from jet
Bertha and camped at a bruna they
departed from AB Brona
and camped at Asian Kiba they moved from
easy and gibbehhh and camped in the
wilderness of zin which is kadish they
moved from Kadesh and camped in Mount
hor on the boundary of the land of edom
an air in the priest went up to Mount
hor at the command of the Lord and died
there in the fortieth year after the
children of Israel had come out of the
land of Egypt on the first day of the
fifth month
Aaron was 123 years old when he died on
Mount hor now the king of Ada and the
Canaanite who dwelt in the south in the
land of Canaan heard of the coming of
the children of Israel so they departed
from Mount hor and camped in zel Mona
they departed from zal Mona and camped
in Pune they departed from Poonam and
camped at Oberth they departed from
Oberth and camped at IJ a borough at the
border of MOA they departed from IGN and
camped at diamond guard they moved from
diamond guard and camped at almond iblis
Fame they moved from almond oblivion and
camped in the mountains of a Burin
before neba they departed from the
mountains of a Burin and camped in the
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
Jericho they camped by the Jordan from
beth Jessa math as far as the Abel
Acacia Grove in the plains of MOA now
the Lord spoke to Moses in the plains of
Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho
saying speak to the children of Israel
and say to them when you have crossed
the Jordan into the land of Canaan then
you shall drive out all the inhabitants
of the land from the for you destroy all
their engraved stones destroy all their
moulded images and demolish all their
high places
you shall dis possess the inhabitants of
the land and dwell in it for I have
given you the land to possess and you
shall divide the land by lot as an
inheritance among your families to the
larger you shall give a larger
inheritance and to the smaller you shall
give a smaller inheritance there
everyone's inheritance shall be whatever
falls to him by lot you shall inherit
according to the tribes of your father's
but if you do not drive out the
inhabitants of the land from before you
then it shall be that those whom you let
remain shall be irritating your eyes and
forms in your sides and they shall
Harris you in the land where you dwell
moreover it shall be that I will do to
you as I thought to do to them